GCP Instructions on how to install and upgrade an Akka Cloud Platform using the command line (#700)
akka/akka-platform-guide: docs-source/docs/modules/deployment/pages/gcp-install.adoc

----
Paste the command you copied from the Google console into a terminal to connect to the Kubernetes cluster. You are now ready to start using the Akka Cloud Platform. 

== Deploy from command line

> To completely configure and use the Akka Cloud Platform you a few additional steps after switching to the Tab "Deploy via command line".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure and use the Akka Cloud Platform you ??? a few additional steps after switching to the Tab "Deploy via command line".
```

I'd remove the `completely` (but that's a matter of taste. Then, the rest of the sentence looks incomplete and a bit too convoluted. Maybe something like:

```
To finish configuring the Akka Cloud Platform you must fulfill a few 
additional steps:

. On your browser, switch to the Tab "Deploy via command line".
. Generate a license key and save it to the disk (e.g. `license.yaml`). <--- should we indicate how to do this or link to the part of the docs where that is detailed?
etc...
```

I'm not sure my suggestion makes sense though, either.

. Generate a license key and save it to the disk (e.g. `license.yaml`).

. If it doesn't exists already create the namespace you want to work in (e.g. `lightbend`):
+
[source,shell script]
----
kubectl create namespace lightbend
----

. Install the license key into the namespace:
+
[source,shell script]
----
kubectl apply -f license.yaml --namespace lightbend
----

> . The output will be like (Take note of the secret name for future reference, in this case: `akka-cloud-platform-1-license`):
> +
> [source,shell script]
> ----
> secret/akka-cloud-platform-1-license created
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The output will be similar to the following snippet. Take note of the secret name for future reference, in the case below the name is: `akka-cloud-platform-1-license`.
+
[source,shell script]
----
secret/akka-cloud-platform-1-license created
----
```

. Install the GCP Marketplace `applications` CRD in the cluster, if it's not already installed (e.g. this is the first time you are installing an application from the Marketplace to the reference cluster):
+
[source,shell script]
----
kubectl apply -f "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/marketplace-k8s-app-tools/master/crd/app-crd.yaml"
----

. Update the Akka Microservices CRD to latest:
+
[source,shell script]
----
kubectl apply -f  https://lightbend.github.io/akka-operator-helm/akka-operator/crds/v1/akka-microservices-crd.yml
----

. Add the Akka Operator Helm repository and update the local index:
+
[source,shell script]
----
helm repo add akka-operator-helm https://lightbend.github.io/akka-operator-helm/
helm repo update
----

> . Install the latest version with (using for `reportingSecret` the previously created secret name):
> +
> [source,shell script]
> ----
> helm install akka-operator akka-operator-helm/akka-operator \
>   --namespace lightbend \
>   --set provider.name=gcp \
>   --set reportingSecret=akka-cloud-platform-1-license
> ----
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Install the latest version with the command:
+
[source,shell script]
----
helm install akka-operator akka-operator-helm/akka-operator \
  --namespace lightbend \
  --set provider.name=gcp \
  --set reportingSecret=akka-cloud-platform-1-license  # <1>
----
<1> `akka-cloud-platform-1-license` is the previously created secret name (see steps above)
```

Author: chapeau asciidoc master

> == Upgrading a Akka Cloud Platform on GKE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Upgrading the Akka Cloud Platform on GKE
```

Upgrading of Akka Cloud Platform is only supported using the command line option.
Using the Marketplace UI you forcefully need to uninstall first and install back again Application.

. Update the Akka Microservices CRD to latest:
+
[source,shell script]
----
kubectl apply -f  https://lightbend.github.io/akka-operator-helm/akka-operator/crds/v1/akka-microservices-crd.yml
----

. Add the Akka Operator Helm repository and update the local index:
+
[source,shell script]
----
helm repo add akka-operator-helm https://lightbend.github.io/akka-operator-helm/
helm repo update
----

. Install the latest version with (using for `reportingSecret` the previously created secret name):
+
[source,shell script]
----
helm install akka-operator akka-operator-helm/akka-operator \
  --namespace lightbend \
  --set provider.name=gcp \
  --set reportingSecret=akka-cloud-platform-1-license
----

> 

Reviewer: Same

Reviewer 2: LGTM
